[ NAME:                   MARK MORENO ]
[ CRUZ ID:        maalmore   #1742618 ]
[ PROJECT:                        pa2 ]

1) [ Sparse.c ]: This file will take in three arguments from the command line;
file name, input.txt, and output.text. Sparse will read the input.txt that starts with 3
numbers ex. (10 4 5). it will use the first number as the size, and the next two for
non-zeros of Matrix A, and B respectively (size Non-zero-A Non-zero-B).
It will use a for loop to iterate non-zeroamount of times to iterate numbers in
(int int double) order as new entries in the matrix. Sparce.c will perform all
functions in the Matrix.c to test for correctness.

how many lines there are. It will copy each line into a string in an array. It 
will use the List ADT to indirectly sort the strings.

2) [ List.h ]: Header file for the List operations in List.c, This header should only
be accesable to Matrix

3) [ List.c]: This is the main program for List. The list object will contain pointers to
it first and last element called front and back. It will also contain a curser which
is a pointer to any element in the List or could be set to NULL. List.c contains
functions to creating and freeing the List and node objects.
List.c has functions for the cursor to traverse the List both directions and funtions
to make changes at the location of the curser. The list itself is basically a
doubly linked list.

4) [ Makefile]: Provided file that will compile our program. The only change
Made to the Makefile from the provided one was adding  rm -f *.txt *.sh
which helps clean the directory from unessisary files.

5) [ListTest.c]: An edited version of the ListClient provided. This test will
fill a list with random numbers using a random number genorator. it will also
fill a list with random doubles to show it is compatable with different types.
It even tests filling the list with char. This List will work with any data type
becaouse it is now a list of pointers

6) [README]: this file, basically a table of contents

7) [Matrix.h]: This is the header file for Matrix.c, and should only be accesable to
the client and Matrix.c. initiallizes all functions in Matrix.c

8) [Matrix.c]: This file will hold all functions needed for the Matrix operations.
The program will link the client to the List. the Matrix is basically an object
that holds an array of lists using pointers. Matrix.c will allocate all memory
needed to create the Matrix and free it aswell. All operations are stored here.
Functions for Matrix operations will create a new Matrix, iterate the matrix that was passed
to the function, do-something to the elememnts in the passed matrix and insert those elements
in the new Matrix.

9) [MatrixTest.c]: It will create 2 new matrix and fill it will random double.
it will perform all Matrix operations to ensure they work properly.